Added Private Route Array (#69)
descope/descope-next-js: README.md

export default authMiddleware({
	// The Descope project ID to use for authentication
	// Defaults to process.env.DESCOPE_PROJECT_ID
	projectId: 'your-descope-project-id',

	// The URL to redirect to if the user is not authenticated
	// Defaults to process.env.SIGN_IN_ROUTE or '/sign-in' if not provided
	// NOTE: In case it contains query parameters that exist in the original URL, they will override the original query parameters. e.g. if the original URL is /page?param1=1&param2=2 and the redirect URL is /sign-in?param1=3, the final redirect URL will be /sign-in?param1=3&param2=2
	redirectUrl?: string,

	// An array of public routes that do not require authentication

> 	// All routes are private by default, this is where you will defined which routes are public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	// All routes are private by default, use this to configure routes that don't require authentication

	// In addition to the default public routes:
	// - process.env.SIGN_IN_ROUTE or /sign-in if not provided
	// - process.env.SIGN_UP_ROUTE or /sign-up if not provided
	publicRoutes?: string[],

> 	// An array of private routes that require authentication
> 	// If this is defined, then the default behavior of all routes being private will be changed, and all routes will be public by default. Private routes will therefore have to be controlled by this array

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	// An array of private routes that require authentication
	// If defined, the specified route will require authentication and the rest of the routes be will be public
```

	privateRoutes?: string[],

> 	// If you having privateRoutes and publicRoutes defined at the same time, privateRoutes will be ignored.

Reviewer: not critical, but once we have more properties here it will look weird 
I would comment this together with privateRoutes comment

Author: I just added to the README afterwards. The comments were getting too messy in the `options` code.

> 	// If you having privateRoutes and publicRoutes defined at the same time, privateRoutes by default will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	// If you having privateRoutes and publicRoutes defined at the same time, privateRoutes will be ignored.
```
